git add .
git commit -m "Updated Activity Tracker"
git push origin main



Things to come -
Reformatting the task console to create "lanes" for the different kinds or requests
Adding instructions in how to use it
Adding an Action Tracker interface to use all of the Productivity Tracker data
It will operate much like the one that Tim has built.
Repair email notifications for the Task Console.
 

w-full h-4


I would like to build out an activity tracker for each project listed in the project console. this activity tracker would be a drop down in any given project.
I will tell you how to build out the activity tracker. first we need a drop down.
Attached it the activity tracker layout information. Make Estimated hour, percent complete and hours used fillable by the user. 
Projected hours should be percent complete divided by hours used mupltiplied by 100. and totals should be all the above cells added up.

Break Activity Tracker up into 4 subsets: Sheetmetal (Activities that start with SM), Plumbing (Activities that start with PL), Piping (Activities that start with PF) and BIM (the remainder of the activity line items). 
Allow user to add, delete and/or modify activity descriptions and charge codes. 
Color the sheet metal background yellow with a 70 percent transparency. (color to match "duct" color on workloader view)
Color the plumbing background brown with a 70 percent transparency. (color to match "plumbing" color on workloader view)
Color the piping background yellow with a 70 percent transparency. (color to match "piping" color on workloader view)
Color the BIM background Purple with a 70 percent transparency. (color to match "BIM" color on workloader view)

In the Project view, allow the activity tracker table to live in each project under the default heading "Area/Floor/Phase".
Allow the user to change heading title.
Allow user to add or delete an activity tracker "Area/Floor/Phase" table under each project (with all of the default activities and charge codes populated).